changed note about velero crds (#6572)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_install.adoc

- Custom resource definitons are cluster-scoped, so you cannot have two different versions of OADP or Velero installed on the same cluster. If you have two different versions, one version runs with the wrong custom resource definitions.

> - Starting with {product-title-short} 2.11, when you create the `MultiClusterHub` resource, the Velero custom resource definitions (CRDs) do not automatically install on the hub cluster. When you install the OADP operator, that is when the Velero CRDs install on the hub cluster. Still, the Velero CRDs resources are no longer reconciled and updated by the `MultiClusterHub` resource. 

Reviewer: Replace :Still, the Velero CRDs resources are no longer reconciled and updated by the `MultiClusterHub` resource.

with:

As a result, the Velero CRDs resources are no longer reconciled and updated by the `MultiClusterHub` resource.

> - Starting with {product-title-short} 2.11, when you create the `MultiClusterHub` resource, the Velero custom resource definitions (CRDs) do not automatically install on the hub cluster. When you install the OADP operator, that is when the Velero CRDs install on the hub cluster. As a result, the Velero CRDs resources are no longer reconciled and updated by the `MultiClusterHub` resource. 

Reviewer 2: It's best to not mention the version number, from my perspective it's clear that the user is reading v2.11
```suggestion
- When you create the `MultiClusterHub` resource, the Velero custom resource definitions (CRDs) do not automatically install on the hub cluster. When you install the OADP operator, the Velero CRDs are installed on the hub cluster. As a result, the Velero CRD resources are no longer reconciled and updated by the `MultiClusterHub` resource. 
```
